Spelllist
=========

The spelllist mini-project of Charforge is designed to produce pretty-print
style spell lists from a variety of input formats.  The primary use is to
print the known spells of a particular PC or NPC.  Other uses include
printing a spell list of your own creation in a printable format, or
producing a list of a particular classes base list.  Even more estoric use
include printing all Illusion related lists to 10th level for comparison
purposes, or finding out which 1st level spell is most useful for a first
level channeller.

Overview
========

The design of the printing format is to allow as much flexibility as
possible.  In particular we should allow multiple output and input formats. 
To accomplish this the processing is thus split into 3 stages.  

In the first stage we take a character in some format and produce a list of
known spells.  Currently this is implemented in extractspells.xsl for one
format.  As other character formats are also supported new extraction
scripts can be implemented.  

The first stage processing produces a spellllistsummary (sls) document.  It
is a fairly basic XML format:
	<spelllistsummary> as the root.
	Beneath this list elements:
		<list name="List Name" level="ranks/max level known" />
	That is all...
Level is just the integer version of the maximum level known:
	<list name="Loft Bridge" level="50" />



In the second stage we take the sls document, and the master spells data
file and produce a new spell data file contianing only the spells listed in
the sls document.  This is fairly trivial, and there is no need to add new
implementations for different formats.  This 'short spell list' (ssl) format 
is then passed on to the formater.  This transform/extraction is produced by
extractlist.xsl.  

Note currently this has a hardcoded reference to spells.xml file.  This
should be fixed in the future.


In the final stage the short spell list format is transformed into the
output document.  Currently the only implemented output format is
postscript, although there is an older HTML version which should not be too
hard to adapt.  Future output formats may include a direct PDF format, or
XSL-FO.

The PS transform is done by spelllisttops.xsl, and requires spelllistbase.ps
for many of the postscript commands it uses.  Note these could be combined
if required.  Also note the system makes use of the C pre-processor to
incoperate the PS document.

Future work
===========

Make the spi format have support for ranges of levels, For example
print the 3-8th level magician lists.

Make the spi format support some simple grouping - eg Magician Base, or Open
Arcane spells.
